Update the default value of tidb_stmt_summary_max_stmt_count (#6021) (#6024)
pingcap/docs: statement-summary-tables.md

- `tidb_enable_stmt_summary`: Determines whether to enable the statement summary feature. `1` represents `enable`, and `0` means `disable`. The feature is enabled by default. The statistics in the system table are cleared if this feature is disabled. The statistics are re-calculated next time this feature is enabled. Tests have shown that enabling this feature has little impact on performance.
- `tidb_stmt_summary_refresh_interval`: The interval at which the `statements_summary` table is refreshed. The time unit is second (s). The default value is `1800`.
- `tidb_stmt_summary_history_size`: The size of each SQL statement category stored in the `statements_summary_history` table. The default value is `24`.

> - `tidb_stmt_summary_max_stmt_count`: Limits the number of SQL statements that can be stored in statement summary tables. Before v4.0.14, the default value is `200`. Since v4.0.14, the default value is `3000`. If the limit is exceeded, those SQL statements that recently remain unused are cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tidb_stmt_summary_max_stmt_count`: Limits the number of SQL statements that can be stored in statement summary tables. Before v5.0.4, the default value is `200`. Since v5.0.4, the default value is `3000`. If the limit is exceeded, those SQL statements that recently remain unused are cleared.
```
